Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
I want more detailed information.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
Not all people who wander are lost.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
Please wait outside of the house.
There's a message for you if you look up.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
Let me help you with your baggage.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
Two seats were vacant.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
I want more detailed information.
I’m a living furnace.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
The river stole the gods.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
Flying fish few by the space station.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
She cried diamonds.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
This is a Japanese doll.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.